## Authentication

> Please visit Bybit's testnet or mainnet to generate an API key

### REST API Base Endpoint:

**Testnet:**  
`https://api-testnet.bybit.com`

**Mainnet (both endpoints are available):**  
`https://api.bybit.com`  
`https://api.bytick.com`

**Important:**
- Netherlands users: use `https://api.bybit.nl` for mainnet
- Turkey users: use `https://api.bybit-tr.com` for mainnet
- Kazakhstan users: use `https://api.bybit.kz` for mainnet
- Georgia users: use `https://api.bybitgeorgia.ge` for mainnet
- ARE users: use `https://api.bybit.ae` for mainnet

---

### Select Your API Key Type

#### System-generated API Keys
The API key generated by the Bybit system operates with HMAC encryption. You will be provided with a pair of public and private keys. Please treat this pair of keys as passwords and keep them safe.

Follow HMAC sample scripts to complete encryption procedures.

#### Auto-generated API Keys
Self-generated API keys operate with RSA encryption. You must create your public and private keys through the software, and then only provide the public key to Bybit, we will never hold your private key.

Use `api-rsa-generator` to create RSA private and public keys  
Follow the RSA sample scripts to complete encryption procedures.

---

## HTTP Headers for Authenticated Endpoints
The following HTTP header keys must be used for authentication:

- `X-BAPI-API-KEY` - API key
- `X-BAPI-TIMESTAMP` - UTC timestamp in milliseconds
- `X-BAPI-SIGN` - a signature derived from the request's parameters
- `X-Referer` or `Referer` - the header for broker users only

We also provide `X-BAPI-RECV-WINDOW` (unit in millisecond and default value is 5,000) to specify how long an 
HTTP Request is valid. It is also used to prevent replay attacks.

A smaller `X-BAPI-RECV-WINDOW` is more secure, but your request may fail if the transmission time is greater than your `X-BAPI-RECV-WINDOW`.

---

### Caution
Please make sure that the timestamp parameter adheres to the following rule:

```

server\_time - recv\_window <= timestamp < server\_time + 1000

```

which means your timestamp should lie in range:

```

\[server\_time - recv\_window; server\_time + 1000)

```

**Note
:**  
`server_time` stands for Bybit server time, which can be queried via the Server Time endpoint. Keep in mind it's highly recommended that you use local device time for timestamp and keep it NTP-synchronized at all times.

---

## Create A Request
> To assist in diagnosing advanced network problems, you may consider adding `cdn-request-id` to your request headers. Its value should be unique for each request.

**Basic steps:**
1. Calculate the string you want to sign as follows:  
   - For **GET** requests:  
     `timestamp + API key + recv_window + queryString`  
   - For **POST** requests:  
     `timestamp + API key + recv_window + jsonBodyString`
2. Use the `HMAC_SHA256` or `RSA_SHA256` algorithm to sign the string in step 1, and convert it to:  
   - lowercase HEX string for HMAC_SHA256  
   - base64 for RSA_SHA256  
   to obtain the string value of your signature.
3. Add your signature to `X-BAPI-API-KEY` header and send the 
HTTP Request.

**Example:**  
Example signature algorithms can be found here.

---

### Example for generating plain text to encrypt

**GET**  
**POST**

**Rule:**  
```

timestamp + api\_key + recv\_window + queryString

```

**Example values:**
```

timestamp = "1658384314791"
api\_key = "XXXXXXXXXX"
recv\_window = "5000"
queryString = "category=option\&symbol=BTC-29JUL22-25000-C"

```

**Resulting string that needs to be signed:**
```

1658384314791XXXXXXXXXX5000category=option\&symbol=BTC-29JUL22-25000-C

```

**Resulting example signature for HMAC:**
```

410e0f387bafb7afd0f1722c068515e09945610124fa11774da1da857b72f30b

```

---

## 
HTTP Request examples

### GET

```http
GET /v5/order/realtime?category=option\&symbol=BTC-29JUL22-25000-C HTTP/1.1
Host: api-testnet.bybit.com
-H 'X-BAPI-SIGN: XXXXXXXXXX'&#x20;
-H 'X-BAPI-API-KEY: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx'&#x20;
-H 'X-BAPI-TIMESTAMP: 1658384431891'&#x20;
-H 'X-BAPI-RECV-WINDOW: 5000'
```


## Common 
Response Parameters

| Parameter   | Type   | Comments                                                                 |
|-------------|--------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| retCode     | number | Success/Error code                                                       |
| retMsg      | string | Success/Error msg. OK, success, SUCCESS, "" indicates a successful response |
| result      | Object | Business data result                                                     |
| retExtinfo
  | Object | Extend info
. Most of the time it is {}                                   |
| time        | number | Current timestamp (ms)                                                   |

**Example:**
````json
{
    "retCode": 0,
    "retMsg": "OK",
    "result": {
    },
    "retExtinfo
": {},
    "time": 1671017382656
}
````
